the terrace
is four guests only this year the young
lady will be joining me
what did you do i had a lady's companion
maxim to winter
his wife died last year in his entire
need of company
[Music]
what are you doing oh you'll see
mr winter may i present mrs danvers
welcome to mandalay
never seen a house like this oh i'm
sorry i thought you'd been a lady's maid
this is all very new to me oh i'm sure
you won't disappoint him madame if
that's your concern
we did a lot of entertaining when the
late mr winter was alive
you could talk to me about her i have no
secrets from you all marriages have
their secrets
[Music]
has max ever talked to you about the
accident
i don't know what you're talking about
how am i supposed to know anything if
you don't tell me
she's still here can you feel her
are you tossing and turning
[Music]
that dream she was the love of his life
i wonder what she's thinking about you
taking her husband using her name
he doesn't love you
i said i want the truth you didn't know
her
you know what he
with a did i don't believe in ghosts
[Music]
you